c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\test.dll.config
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\test.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\test.pdb
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test.dll
c:\users\edmond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\obj\Debug\test.pdb
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.OData.Client.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.OData.Client.xml
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\NuGet.Core.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\NuGet.Server.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\RouteMagic.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\edmond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Ninject.xml
